README.md, before:

# AI Image Commander (`aic`) CLI Tool

AI Image Commander (`aic`) is a command-line tool for generating AI images interactively. `aic` is built with the [AI SDK by Vercel](https://sdk.vercel.ai/) and supports a variety of providers and models.

## Installation

```bash
git clone git@github.com:shaper/ai-image-commander.git
cd ai-image-commander
pnpm install
pnpm build
pnpm link --global
```

## Configuration

The first time you run `aic`, it will automatically create a configuration file at `~/.aic.conf` and guide you through setting up your API keys for various providers.

You can also run the configuration wizard at any time to view or update your settings:

```bash
aic config
```

This command will walk you through viewing and updating your configuration details.

## Running the CLI Tool

You can launch the CLI tool with:

```bash
aic [OPTIONS]
```

### Available Options

- `-d, --dir <directory>`: Directory where generated images will be stored (default: `saved-images`).

### Interactive Commands

Once running, the CLI offers several interactive commands:

- **Prompt Text**: Enter a prompt to generate an AI image.
- **next/n**: Show the next image in the store.
- **open/o**: Open the last generated image.
- **help/h/?**: Display this help message.
- **exit/e**: Exit the application.

## Features

- **Interactive Prompts:** Generate images by simply entering a text prompt.
- **Configuration Wizard:** Easily manage your API key and settings via `aic config`.
- **Provider & Model Selection:** Choose from available providers and image models during image generation.

## Author

Walter Korman &middot; [GitHub](https://github.com/shaper) &middot; [X](https://x.com/shaper) &middot; [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shaper/)

## License

AI Image Commander is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

add support to import existing env vars, fix together key name (#6)

README.md, after:

# AI Image Commander (`aic`) CLI Tool

AI Image Commander (`aic`) is a command-line tool for generating AI images interactively. `aic` is built with the [AI SDK by Vercel](https://sdk.vercel.ai/) and supports a variety of providers and models.

## Installation

```bash
git clone git@github.com:shaper/ai-image-commander.git
cd ai-image-commander
pnpm install
pnpm build
pnpm link --global
```

## Configuration

The first time you run `aic`, it will automatically create a configuration file at `~/.aic.conf` and guide you through setting up your API keys for various providers. If you already have a configuration file with API keys, you can import it during first run:

```bash
aic --from .env
```

You can also run the configuration wizard at any time to view or update your settings:

```bash
aic config
```

This command will walk you through viewing and updating your configuration details. If you already have a configuration file with some or all of the involved API keys with the same names, you can import settings from an existing file:

```bash
aic config --from .env
```

## Running the CLI Tool

You can launch the CLI tool with:

```bash
aic [OPTIONS]
```

### Available Options

- `-d, --dir <directory>`: Directory where generated images will be stored (default: `saved-images`).
- `--from <file>`: Path to an existing .env or config file to import settings from. This is useful for first-time setup or when running `aic config`.

### Interactive Commands

Once running, the CLI offers several interactive commands:

- **Prompt Text**: Enter a prompt to generate an AI image.
- **next/n**: Show the next image in the store.
- **open/o**: Open the last generated image.
- **help/h/?**: Display this help message.
- **exit/e**: Exit the application.

## Features

- **Interactive Prompts:** Generate images by simply entering a text prompt.
- **Configuration Wizard:** Easily manage your API key and settings via `aic config`.
- **Provider & Model Selection:** Choose from available providers and image models during image generation.

## Author

Walter Korman &middot; [GitHub](https://github.com/shaper) &middot; [X](https://x.com/shaper) &middot; [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shaper/)

## License

AI Image Commander is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
